day 1(april 18)
    i spent the first day on research and getting a api key.
    the first part of the script was written in python.
    i also spent 6 hours installing a windows vm.(my wifi is crap)
day 2 (april23)
    after putting this project off for a unreasonable amount of time i rewrote my python code
    into powershell so i could reuse my code from the pokemon api thing.
    the code now writes the JSon data of the picture to Json file, and renames the file into the $OBJ.title member.
    ran into a bit of an issue as todays picture from nasa is a youtube video. (https://apod.nasa.gov/apod/ap210423.html) 
    rather than code out a way to get older dates i think i will continue this later.
day 3 (april 24)
    the pic of the day is a video again 
    changed code to rename file as date instead of the pic title, to improve clarity 
    added the 'thumbs=True' to the get pic uri thing. this will add the 'thumbnail_url' member to the json file if it is a video
    picture download works now, and will also get youtube thumnail if its a video.
    did research into how sql database files work, as well as csv 
    this was a helpful source. https://www.tutorialfor.com/blog-234437.htm 
day 4(april 25)
    started work on the database system, decided to code it
    in python as i have done that in a previus lab before.
    made a test db file in db browser but i have been unable to get 
    python to read the json files. been expiramenting with "with open" in python 
day 5(april 26)
    spent several hours debugging python, as it would not read the "pic.json" file.
    found out my python interpreter was set to "python 2.7.9" for some reason.
    the powershell script encoded the output json files as "UFT-16-LE" which created NULL bytes that wrecked havoc on the python script.
    fixed the issue by telling python to read it as utf-16 encoded file.
    script now outputs the contents of pic.json as dictionary.
day 6 (april 27)
    i noticed the hash value provided in python is wrong so i spent time researching running a powershell script in python.
    i got the powershell "mini" script to work. research sourced(https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21944895/running-powershell-script-within-python-script-how-to-make-python-print-the-pow)
    database is finished. small issue is that the hashs have brackets and "'" marks but the format is the same, so it still works.
    had to use the time module in "scripttwo.py" to stop the script for a few seconds, to give time for the powershell
    subscript to provide hash value. which it provides via a txt file. (i could not get direct communication between the scripts.)
day 7
    finished the set background script and the main python script which will run everything
    note: main script.py must be run in admin mode

    

    